CSS properties: intro sentence in values section part 3 (#44936)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/reference/properties/counter-set/index.md

counter-set: unset;
```

### Values

> The `counter-set` property is specified as either a space-separated list of `<custom-ident>` values, each optionally followed by an `<integer>`, or the keyword `none`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This property is specified as either a space-separated list of `<custom-ident>` values, each optionally followed by an `<integer>`, or the keyword `none`:
```
